packages/passkey-wallet/README.md, before:

# @kasflow/passkey-wallet

Passkey-powered wallet SDK for [Kaspa blockchain](https://kaspa.org). Create and manage Kaspa wallets using device biometrics (Face ID, Touch ID, Windows Hello, etc.) with no seed phrases to remember.

## Features

- **Passkey Authentication**: Secure wallet access using WebAuthn/FIDO2 device biometrics
- **Transaction Support**: Full send/receive functionality with automatic UTXO management
- **Type-Safe**: Complete TypeScript definitions for all APIs
- **Network Agnostic**: Works with mainnet and testnet
- **Modern Browser APIs**: Uses Web Crypto API and IndexedDB for secure key storage

## Installation

```bash
npm install @kasflow/passkey-wallet
# or
pnpm add @kasflow/passkey-wallet
# or
yarn add @kasflow/passkey-wallet
```

That's it - all dependencies are bundled.

## Quick Start

### Create a New Wallet

```typescript
import { PasskeyWallet } from '@kasflow/passkey-wallet';

// Create a new passkey-protected wallet
const result = await PasskeyWallet.create({
  name: 'My Kaspa Wallet',
  network: 'testnet-11'  // or 'mainnet'
});

if (result.success) {
  const wallet = result.data;
  console.log('Wallet Address:', wallet.getAddress());
} else {
  console.error('Failed to create wallet:', result.error);
}
```

### Unlock an Existing Wallet

```typescript
import { PasskeyWallet } from '@kasflow/passkey-wallet';

// Unlock using biometric authentication
const result = await PasskeyWallet.unlock();

if (result.success) {
  const wallet = result.data;
  console.log('Welcome back! Address:', wallet.getAddress());
}
```

### Connect and Get Balance

```typescript
// Connect to the Kaspa network
await wallet.connect();

// Get balance (in sompi - smallest unit)
const balance = await wallet.getBalance();
console.log('Available:', balance.available);
console.log('Total:', balance.total);
```

### Send KAS

```typescript
import { kasStringToSompi } from '@kasflow/passkey-wallet';

// Send 1.5 KAS to an address
const result = await wallet.send({
  to: 'kaspatest:qz7ulu4c25dh7fzec9zjyrmlhnkzrg4wmf89q7gzr3gfrsj3uz6xjceef60sd',
  amount: kasStringToSompi('1.5'),  // Converts "1.5" to sompi
});

console.log('Transaction ID:', result.transactionId);
console.log('Fee paid:', result.fee);
```

### Sign Messages

```typescript
// Sign a message with the wallet's private key
const signature = wallet.signMessage('Hello Kaspa!');
console.log('Signature:', signature);
```

## API Reference

### PasskeyWallet Class

#### Static Methods

| Method | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| `PasskeyWallet.isSupported()` | Check if passkeys are supported in this browser |
| `PasskeyWallet.exists()` | Check if a wallet already exists in storage |
| `PasskeyWallet.create(options)` | Create a new passkey-protected wallet |
| `PasskeyWallet.unlock(options)` | Unlock an existing wallet with biometrics |
| `PasskeyWallet.delete()` | Delete the wallet from storage (irreversible!) |

#### Instance Methods

| Method | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| `wallet.getAddress()` | Get the wallet's Kaspa address |
| `wallet.getPublicKey()` | Get the public key as hex string |
| `wallet.getNetwork()` | Get the current network ID |
| `wallet.connect(options?)` | Connect to the Kaspa network |
| `wallet.disconnectNetwork()` | Disconnect from the network |
| `wallet.getBalance()` | Get wallet balance (requires connection) |
| `wallet.send(options)` | Send KAS to an address |
| `wallet.estimateFee(options)` | Estimate transaction fee |
| `wallet.signMessage(message)` | Sign a message |
| `wallet.on(handler)` | Subscribe to wallet events |
| `wallet.disconnect()` | Disconnect wallet and clear keys from memory |

### Unit Conversion

```typescript
import {
  kasStringToSompi,    // "1.5" => 150000000n
  sompiToKasString,    // 150000000n => "1.5"
  sompiToKas,          // 150000000n => 1.5 (number)
  kasToSompi,          // 1.5 => 150000000n
  formatKas,           // 150000000n => "1.5" (formatted)
  SOMPI_PER_KAS,       // 100_000_000n
} from '@kasflow/passkey-wallet';
```

### Address Validation

```typescript
import {
  isValidAddress,
  parseAddress,
  getNetworkFromAddress,
} from '@kasflow/passkey-wallet';

// Validate an address
if (isValidAddress('kaspa:qz...')) {
  console.log('Valid address!');
}

// Parse address components
const parsed = parseAddress('kaspa:qz...');
console.log(parsed.prefix);  // 'kaspa'
console.log(parsed.payload); // Uint8Array

// Get network from address
const network = getNetworkFromAddress('kaspatest:qz...');
console.log(network); // 'testnet-11'
```

### Events

```typescript
// Subscribe to wallet events
const unsubscribe = wallet.on((event) => {
  switch (event.type) {
    case 'connected':
      console.log('Connected:', event.address);
      break;
    case 'disconnected':
      console.log('Disconnected');
      break;
    case 'balance_updated':
      console.log('Balance:', event.balance);
      break;
    case 'transaction_sent':
      console.log('TX sent:', event.txId);
      break;
  }
});

// Later: unsubscribe
unsubscribe();
```

## Advanced Usage

### Direct RPC Access

```typescript
import { KaspaRpc } from '@kasflow/passkey-wallet';

const rpc = new KaspaRpc();
await rpc.connect({ network: 'testnet-11' });

// Get network info
const info = await rpc.getNetworkInfo();
console.log('Block count:', info.blockCount);

// Get UTXOs for any address
const utxos = await rpc.getUtxos('kaspatest:qz...');
```

### Transaction Building

```typescript
import {
  buildTransactions,
  signTransactions,
  submitTransactions
} from '@kasflow/passkey-wallet';

// Build transactions manually
const { transactions, summary } = await buildTransactions(
  utxos,
  [{ address: 'kaspatest:qz...', amount: 100000000n }],
  changeAddress,
  100000n,  // priority fee
  'testnet-11'
);

// Sign them
const signed = signTransactions(transactions, privateKeyHex);

// Submit
const txIds = await submitTransactions(signed, rpc);
```

### WASM SDK Access

```typescript
import {
  RpcClient,
  Resolver,
  Generator,
  PrivateKey
} from '@kasflow/passkey-wallet';

// Direct access to kaspa-wasm32-sdk types
const privateKey = new PrivateKey('...');
const address = privateKey.toAddress('testnet-11');
```

## Network Configuration

| Network | ID | Address Prefix |
|---------|-----|----------------|
| Mainnet | `mainnet` | `kaspa:` |
| Testnet 10 | `testnet-10` | `kaspatest:` |
| Testnet 11 | `testnet-11` | `kaspatest:` |

```typescript
import { NETWORK_ID, DEFAULT_NETWORK } from '@kasflow/passkey-wallet';

console.log(NETWORK_ID.MAINNET);    // 'mainnet'
console.log(NETWORK_ID.TESTNET_11); // 'testnet-11'
console.log(DEFAULT_NETWORK);       // 'testnet-11'
```

## Security

### How It Works

1. **Wallet Creation**: A new Kaspa private key is generated using Web Crypto API
2. **Passkey Registration**: A passkey is registered on the user's device
3. **Key Encryption**: The private key is encrypted using key material derived from passkey authentication
4. **Secure Storage**: Encrypted data is stored in IndexedDB (never leaves the device)

### Security Considerations

- Private keys are encrypted at rest and only decrypted in memory during wallet operations
- No seed phrases or passwords - authentication is biometric only
- Keys never leave the browser - all cryptographic operations happen locally
- The passkey itself cannot decrypt the wallet - it provides key material for derivation

### Browser Requirements

- WebAuthn support (all modern browsers)
- Platform authenticator (Touch ID, Face ID, Windows Hello, etc.)
- Secure context (HTTPS or localhost)

## Development

```bash
# Install dependencies
pnpm install

# Type check
pnpm typecheck

# Run tests
pnpm test

# Build
pnpm build
```

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add package documentation for npm publishing
- Update @kasflow/passkey-wallet README with accurate security model
- Add sendWithAuth method documentation (recommended for transactions)
- Create @kasflow/wallet-connector README with full API documentation
- Include React hooks, components, and core API usage examples

packages/passkey-wallet/README.md, after:

# @kasflow/passkey-wallet

Passkey-powered wallet SDK for [Kaspa blockchain](https://kaspa.org). Create and manage Kaspa wallets using device biometrics (Face ID, Touch ID, Windows Hello, etc.) with no seed phrases to remember.

## Features

- **Passkey Authentication**: Secure wallet access using WebAuthn/FIDO2 device biometrics
- **Transaction Support**: Full send/receive functionality with automatic UTXO management
- **Type-Safe**: Complete TypeScript definitions for all APIs
- **Network Agnostic**: Works with mainnet and testnet
- **Modern Browser APIs**: Uses Web Crypto API and IndexedDB for secure key storage

## Installation

```bash
npm install @kasflow/passkey-wallet
# or
pnpm add @kasflow/passkey-wallet
# or
yarn add @kasflow/passkey-wallet
```

That's it - all dependencies are bundled.

## Quick Start

### Create a New Wallet

```typescript
import { PasskeyWallet } from '@kasflow/passkey-wallet';

// Create a new passkey-protected wallet
const result = await PasskeyWallet.create({
  name: 'My Kaspa Wallet',
  network: 'testnet-11'  // or 'mainnet'
});

if (result.success) {
  const wallet = result.data;
  console.log('Wallet Address:', wallet.getAddress());
} else {
  console.error('Failed to create wallet:', result.error);
}
```

### Unlock an Existing Wallet

```typescript
import { PasskeyWallet } from '@kasflow/passkey-wallet';

// Unlock using biometric authentication
const result = await PasskeyWallet.unlock();

if (result.success) {
  const wallet = result.data;
  console.log('Welcome back! Address:', wallet.getAddress());
}
```

### Connect and Get Balance

```typescript
// Connect to the Kaspa network
await wallet.connect();

// Get balance (in sompi - smallest unit)
const balance = await wallet.getBalance();
console.log('Available:', balance.available);
console.log('Total:', balance.total);
```

### Send KAS

```typescript
import { kasStringToSompi } from '@kasflow/passkey-wallet';

// Recommended: Send with per-transaction biometric authentication
const result = await wallet.sendWithAuth({
  to: 'kaspatest:qz7ulu4c25dh7fzec9zjyrmlhnkzrg4wmf89q7gzr3gfrsj3uz6xjceef60sd',
  amount: kasStringToSompi('1.5'),  // Converts "1.5" to sompi
});

console.log('Transaction ID:', result.transactionId);
console.log('Fee paid:', result.fee);

// Alternative: Send without additional authentication (uses session keys)
const result2 = await wallet.send({
  to: 'kaspatest:qz...',
  amount: kasStringToSompi('1.0'),
});
```

### Sign Messages

```typescript
// Sign a message with the wallet's private key
const signature = wallet.signMessage('Hello Kaspa!');
console.log('Signature:', signature);
```

## API Reference

### PasskeyWallet Class

#### Static Methods

| Method | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| `PasskeyWallet.isSupported()` | Check if passkeys are supported in this browser |
| `PasskeyWallet.exists()` | Check if a wallet already exists in storage |
| `PasskeyWallet.create(options)` | Create a new passkey-protected wallet |
| `PasskeyWallet.unlock(options)` | Unlock an existing wallet with biometrics |
| `PasskeyWallet.delete()` | Delete the wallet from storage (irreversible!) |

#### Instance Methods

| Method | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| `wallet.getAddress()` | Get the wallet's Kaspa address |
| `wallet.getPublicKey()` | Get the public key as hex string |
| `wallet.getNetwork()` | Get the current network ID |
| `wallet.connect(options?)` | Connect to the Kaspa network |
| `wallet.disconnectNetwork()` | Disconnect from the network |
| `wallet.getBalance()` | Get wallet balance (requires connection) |
| `wallet.send(options)` | Send KAS to an address |
| `wallet.sendWithAuth(options)` | Send with per-transaction biometric auth (recommended) |
| `wallet.estimateFee(options)` | Estimate transaction fee |
| `wallet.signMessage(message)` | Sign a message |
| `wallet.on(handler)` | Subscribe to wallet events |
| `wallet.disconnect()` | Disconnect wallet and clear keys from memory |

### Unit Conversion

```typescript
import {
  kasStringToSompi,    // "1.5" => 150000000n
  sompiToKasString,    // 150000000n => "1.5"
  sompiToKas,          // 150000000n => 1.5 (number)
  kasToSompi,          // 1.5 => 150000000n
  formatKas,           // 150000000n => "1.5" (formatted)
  SOMPI_PER_KAS,       // 100_000_000n
} from '@kasflow/passkey-wallet';
```

### Address Validation

```typescript
import {
  isValidAddress,
  parseAddress,
  getNetworkFromAddress,
} from '@kasflow/passkey-wallet';

// Validate an address
if (isValidAddress('kaspa:qz...')) {
  console.log('Valid address!');
}

// Parse address components
const parsed = parseAddress('kaspa:qz...');
console.log(parsed.prefix);  // 'kaspa'
console.log(parsed.payload); // Uint8Array

// Get network from address
const network = getNetworkFromAddress('kaspatest:qz...');
console.log(network); // 'testnet-11'
```

### Events

```typescript
// Subscribe to wallet events
const unsubscribe = wallet.on((event) => {
  switch (event.type) {
    case 'connected':
      console.log('Connected:', event.address);
      break;
    case 'disconnected':
      console.log('Disconnected');
      break;
    case 'balance_updated':
      console.log('Balance:', event.balance);
      break;
    case 'transaction_sent':
      console.log('TX sent:', event.txId);
      break;
  }
});

// Later: unsubscribe
unsubscribe();
```

## Advanced Usage

### Direct RPC Access

```typescript
import { KaspaRpc } from '@kasflow/passkey-wallet';

const rpc = new KaspaRpc();
await rpc.connect({ network: 'testnet-11' });

// Get network info
const info = await rpc.getNetworkInfo();
console.log('Block count:', info.blockCount);

// Get UTXOs for any address
const utxos = await rpc.getUtxos('kaspatest:qz...');
```

### Transaction Building

```typescript
import {
  buildTransactions,
  signTransactions,
  submitTransactions
} from '@kasflow/passkey-wallet';

// Build transactions manually
const { transactions, summary } = await buildTransactions(
  utxos,
  [{ address: 'kaspatest:qz...', amount: 100000000n }],
  changeAddress,
  100000n,  // priority fee
  'testnet-11'
);

// Sign them
const signed = signTransactions(transactions, privateKeyHex);

// Submit
const txIds = await submitTransactions(signed, rpc);
```

### WASM SDK Access

```typescript
import {
  RpcClient,
  Resolver,
  Generator,
  PrivateKey
} from '@kasflow/passkey-wallet';

// Direct access to kaspa-wasm32-sdk types
const privateKey = new PrivateKey('...');
const address = privateKey.toAddress('testnet-11');
```

## Network Configuration

| Network | ID | Address Prefix |
|---------|-----|----------------|
| Mainnet | `mainnet` | `kaspa:` |
| Testnet 10 | `testnet-10` | `kaspatest:` |
| Testnet 11 | `testnet-11` | `kaspatest:` |

```typescript
import { NETWORK_ID, DEFAULT_NETWORK } from '@kasflow/passkey-wallet';

console.log(NETWORK_ID.MAINNET);    // 'mainnet'
console.log(NETWORK_ID.TESTNET_11); // 'testnet-11'
console.log(DEFAULT_NETWORK);       // 'testnet-11'
```

## Security

### How It Works

1. **Passkey Registration**: A WebAuthn credential is created and tied to device biometrics
2. **Deterministic Derivation**: Kaspa keys are derived from the passkey's public key using SHA-256
3. **No Key Storage**: Private keys are never stored - they're re-derived on each unlock
4. **Multi-Device Sync**: Same wallet on any device where the passkey syncs (iCloud Keychain, Google Password Manager)

### Security Considerations

- No seed phrases or passwords - authentication is biometric only
- Private keys exist only in memory during operations, never persisted
- Keys are deterministically derived, so the same passkey always produces the same wallet
- All cryptographic operations happen locally in the browser

### Browser Requirements

- WebAuthn support (all modern browsers)
- Platform authenticator (Touch ID, Face ID, Windows Hello, etc.)
- Secure context (HTTPS or localhost)

## Development

```bash
# Install dependencies
pnpm install

# Type check
pnpm typecheck

# Run tests
pnpm test

# Build
pnpm build
```

## License

MIT
